# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2019-12-11

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Janis Goldschmidt
- Alexander Schmidt
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Tsvi Sabo

## Discussion topics

### Bee Meeting

- Following poll results, 3rd week of January seems to be the ideal week;
- Dates yet to be officially confirmed;

### PoW

- It's been reset by removing some generics;
- Now more similar to the Go and Rust libraries;
- RFC/Prototype will be updated soon;

### Network

- Added details to the RFC;
- It's the building block for the asynchronous RFC, so it should be really clear;
- See if interface can be simplified;
- Sync RFC probably by the end of the week;
- Async RFC will come after;

### Hash / Sponge

- Sponge interface is needed to handle:
  - private networks;
  - testnet / mainnet differences;
  - proper signing schemes;
- Probably doesn't deserve a dedicated RFC though;

### Signing Scheme

- There is a prototype implemented and working;
- It's been done on a more cryptographic standard way with PrivateKey, PublicKey, Signature interfaces;
- Prototype implements them both for WOTS and MSS;
- It relies on the existence of a Sponge interface;
- It's still being investigated if the new Signing Scheme doesn't break interfaces (because lacking security level);

### Prototype

- We want to maintain a global Bee prototype, like what we had with ICT;
- Ideally weekly maintained;
- Would tie all the prototype crates together;
- Gives more transparency on the progress to the community;
- Gives more early feedbacks;
- Alex is volunteering to take care of the Bee prototype;
- We need to think about a way of centralising our prototypes;
- Not under iotaledger GitHub account, under Alex's;
- The Rust library can be a base for it;

### Holidays

- End of the year so a lot of people are in holidays;
- Things are being slower than usual;
