# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2019-12-04

## Participants

+ Thibault Martinez
+ Alexander Schmidt
+ Joshua Barretto

## Discussion topics

### Standups

- Please do not forget to fill in the standup bot forms;
- Very important for us to coordinate and see what everyone is working on;
- Used to generate weekly digests for the community;
- The timezone is now configurable with a bot command;

### Next Bee Meeting

- We're trying to setup a bee meeting in January/February;
- Please fill in the poll to have a first rough idea of the ideal week;

### Status of PoW RFC

- Initially wanted it as generic as possible: hashers, mutators...;
- There would be performances implications to flexibility;
- Nearly done and Alex can switch to the network;

### Status of Tangle RFC

- Trying to make it async;
- Working on a prototype at the moment;
- Thinking of making solidification another layer;

### Status of Signing Scheme RFC

- Thibault just got back so no real progress;
- Will do a quick prototype and finish the RFC by the end of the week;

### Status of Network RFC

- Trying to make it async as well;
- Alex will join the effort;
- Could be the part that ties all the other parts together;
