# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2019-09-23

## Participants
- Thibault Martinez
- Janis Goldschmidt
- Alexander Schmidt
- Tsvi Sabo
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Joshua Barretto
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Discussion topics

### RFC Process

https://github.com/iotaledger/bee-rfcs

- First time the team gets to talk about the new RFC process in a call;
- Quick description of the process;
- Feedbacks from the team:
  - it increases transparency across the Iota Foundation and community;
  - it gives early feedbacks;
  - it helps learning since everything is specified;
  - it helps finding bugs;
  - it could also be useful for the business department as well to avoid working on useless features;
- The team agrees on the current 48h “sprint review” focusing on a specific RFC;
- Emphasising on not spending too much time on an implementation before the RFC is merged to avoid potential waste of time;

### Milestones

- Quick description of the proposed milestones: fundamental crates, FFI/Wasm, Rust IRI, Coordicide;
- Currently focusing on the first milestone to create the 3 fundamental crates: bee-trinary, bee-model and bee-crypto;
- 2 people, preferably with C background, will be needed on FFI: Thibault + Tsvi ?
- Rust IRI is an “integration tests” milestone to asserts the quality and robustness of the crates and to write some crates that will be needed for Coordicide;

### Trits module

https://github.com/iotaledger/bee-rfcs/pull/10/files

- There is currently a Trits Interface RFC PR, technical discussion about it;
- Following will be one RFC by implementation/encoding;
- The team decided to focus on the Trits RFC until Wednesday;

### Rust training and Bee-together

- Rust trainings by XXX are being considered;
- Could be two training: one physical in Berlin and/or a second one remotely;
- It would also be an occasion for the Bee team to meet and work closely;
