# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2019-10-02

## Participants
- Thibault Martinez
- Janis Goldschmidt
- Alexander Schmidt
- Tsvi Sabo
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Discussion topics

### Jakub's RFC Template PR

https://github.com/iotaledger/bee-rfcs/pull/17

- Makes it easier to understand use cases, intents and purposes of the feature;
- Needs approvals;
- Needs a fix to the little format issue;

### Transaction RFC

https://github.com/iotaledger/bee-rfcs/pull/3

- Clear RFC, easy to understand;
- Transaction and Bundle should be separate RFCs;
- Discussion about relationships between PoW and TransactionBuilder;
- Idea of Transaction and UnverifiedTransaction types;
- Discussion about transaction verification;
- Should nonce be part of the builder ?;
- Use proper Rust types for fields;
- Typed trinary fields for things like address, hash...;
- Timestamp fields: Chrono crates or std time ?;
- Should builder have setters ? Yes all fields should be private and have setters;
- Should we "version" transaction type in prevision on the next layout ? We'll handle that later;

### RFC Content

- RFC doesn't need to be so detailed;
- No need to write code details;
- Maybe we should put links to the official documentation when possible;

### Tasks

- Sam + Janis: from_bytes in the TransactionBuilder;
- Thibault: Bundle RFC;
- Alex: PoW RFC;
- Tsvi + Joshua: Tangle RFC;
- Yu-Wei: Hash RFC;
