# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-10-07

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Louay Kamel
- Bing-Yang Lin
- Joshua Barretto
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Alexander Schmidt
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Christian Poveda

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- HORNET team proposed some changes to the RFC;
- Layouts have been merged so the work on the new API can start;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Will start computing the ledger soon;
- Need all the new types to be ser/de to/from bytes first;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Alex is going to rework the network in terms of libp2p-tcp;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- NodeBuilder is now a trait, allows us to put the node back in bee-node;
- Shutdown has been hooked to CTRL-C;
- Added node resources (storage, tangle, ...);
- Node is generic over the storage backend;
- All compilation warnings and clippy warnings have been fixed;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Autopeering should be doable in terms of libp2p-kad-dht;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Most things have been made async;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Some stuff will be moved over the new common crypto crate;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Had to fix a cyclic dependency with the protocol;
- It means that the snapshot workers can't be in the snapshot crate anymore;
- Will have to move them over the protocol crate;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Still needs some tests and documentation;
- Otherwise the crate is ready and will be moved to bee soon;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Hooks in place;
- Most things are now async;
- TSA PR is done, currently in review;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-transaction (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- The layout PR has been merged;
- New updates regarding changed of the RFC;
- Will do serialization/deserialization to/from bytes;
- PR open for wallet requirements;

### State of iota.rs (Yu-Wei)

- Updated changes of bee-transaction;
- Reflect API RFC changes;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Developed scripts for Chronicle heavy testing and profiling;
- Chronicle heavy testing/profiling;
- Fixed Chronicle bugs;
- New actor module WIP;
