# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-11-18

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Bing-Yang Lin
- Alexander Schmidt
- Joshua Barretto
- Louay Kamel
- Samuel Rufinatscha

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- Storage issues fixed;
- Half of the endpoints are implemented;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Curl has been moved to crypto.rs;
- Lightweight version with no variadic rounds;
- Would be able to remove the crate if we don't use Kerl anymore;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-message (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- 1:1 with the RFCs;
- Still some open questions;
- In the process of writing tests;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Mostly fixing bugs;
- Introduced shortened PeerIDs like in HORNET;
- Optimisations;
- Implementing new shutdown logic;
- Improving peer relationships;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- General node cleaning;
- New plugin API based on the Worker design;
- Will think a bit more about plugin configuration;
- Will implement the MQTT plugin at some point;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Removed a useless custom type with a libp2p one;
- PeerID is now only the last part of the MultiAddr;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Lots of tiny fixes following first connection to alphanet;
- Syncs fine;
- Missing one last piece in milestone verification;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Still needs to handle network_id;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Will write documentation and then merge it;
- Merged the Metadata mapping;
- Merged the Stream implementation;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Fixed the u128/ESP32 situation;

### State of iota.rs (Yu-Wei)

- Fixed send() API bugs and PR'd/Merged;
- Implemented retry()/reattach()/promote() and fixed find_outputs()/find_addresses();
- Still on working on codes alignment w/ spec;
- Refined iota.rs Spec w/ wallet team;
- Defined sync process and implementation on-going;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Recently started preparing Scylla summit presentation slides;
- Data completeness discussion and proposed a feasible solution;
- Migrating chronicle-storage to scylla.rs application;
