# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-06-17

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Louay Kamel
- Alexander Schmidt
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- Layered architecture, service trait which defines services of the node;
- Services get exposed by WebServices (REST implemented first);
- Rewrote deserialization by making use of TryFrom;
- Transaction by hash (batch request) is working;
- Refining JSON request/response structure;
- Integrating API config file;
- More endpoints will follow;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- New ternary module;
- Hash has been moved from `bee-transaction` to `bee-crypto`;
- Will reflect that in the RFC that is now ready to be reviewed;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Nothing this week;
- Need to finish WF Merkle validation;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Reconnect interval now using `Duration` type instead of custom one;
- Shutdown logic moved to `bee-common`;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Applied the new shutdown logic to the node;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- `WaitPriorityQueue` has been fused and moved to `bee-common`;
- We'll need an RFC for `WaitPriorityQueue`;
- Fixed the order of MS/TX requesters;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Writing a lot of tests, documentations;
- New `generate_from_entropy` method in the scheme;
- We should impl `SecretDisplay` and `SecretDebug` to avoid leaking secrets;
- Impl mnemonics for seed;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Nothing this week;
- Need to switch SEPs from `DashSet<Hash>` to `DashMap<Hash, MilestoneIndex>`;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Still need to split the trait;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- PR Ready to be reviewed and merged;
- Needs to be rebased;
- Still need to investigate the tangle init situation;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- 0.1.0-alpha has been released (live!);
- Needs to be removed from bee-p;

### State of crate: bee-transaction (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- Changed the export rules to make it explicit that we're using `bundled`;
- Maybe we should impl Debug/Default for fields;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Kicked off Chronicle X-team, slides preparation, and presentation/discussion;
- Zmq subscriber discussion and implementation in broker/examples;
- Cleaned codes, testing, and fix bugs;
- CLI study and discussion for config file (WIP);
- CLI book: https://rust-cli.github.io/book/index.html
