# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-07-01

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Joshua Barretto
- Alexander Schmidt
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- New TransactionsByBundle endpoint;
- Refactored success and error responses;
- Exposed tangle flags to be able to insert transactions in the Tangle from other parts of the node;
- Investigating an issue with a non-terminating traversal;
- Service trait has been (temporarily ?) removed;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- RFC has been merged;
- Still writing tests/documentation;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Resumed work on White Flag;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Refactoring PR merged;
    - Crate is now lib + bin;
    - Replaced panics with errors;
    - Introduced NodeBuilder;
    - New shutdown mechanism;
- Shutdown now stores futures instead of `async_std::JoinHandle`;
- Added a banner + version to the node;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Added indexes in SEPs;
- Switched tangle flags to a new `TransactionMetadata` struct;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Started working on the RFC;
- Code is ready for a PR;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Adding support for reading global snapshots;
- Will also add that in configuration;
- New progress indicator when loading a Local Snapshot;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Started drafting a new RFC;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Started working on cache eviction;
- Will open a PR;
- Will wait for storage to merge it;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Numeric conversions RFC merged;
- Code PR is nearly ready;
- New API to create trit buffers from slices of `u8`/`i8`;

### State of crate: bee-transaction (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- Nothing this week;

### State of iota.rs (Yu-Wei)

- Quorum module nearly done;
- Background task periodically querying nodes for sync status;
- Will use bee crates;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Enhanced Chornicle importer to use the confirmed flag in historical dmp files;
- Enriched documents for official release (WIP) w/ Jake;
- More testing and fixed some bugs;
- Enhanced Chronicle logger (WIP) and code clean;
