# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-05-13

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Louay Kamel
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Joshua Barretto
- Alexander Schmidt
- Yu-Wei Wu

## Goals

- Bee Experience Team;
- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### Bee Experience Team (Thibault)

- Next Tuesday bee-experience team kick-off at 8pm CEST;
- Gather community developers and start collaboration;
- Dispatch little tasks to let everyone contribute;
  - Documentation;
  - Testing;
  - Benchmarks;
  - QA/QC;
  - RFC review;
  - Development;
  - Node usability;

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- New channel for the API discussion (~20 members);
- Everyone received their own sheet to note down requirements/feedbacks;
- Deadline Friday;
- Will vote on requirements;
- Also working on a very simple API prototype;

### State of crate: bee-bundle (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Been reviewing the sponge RFC, it's pretty good atm;
- Will open it soon;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Fixed a bug by writing tests;
- Not much this week otherwise;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Writing network RFC;
- No code changes;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Will finish the configuration RFC;
- Alex will work on node shutdown;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Protocol messages RFC;
- Investigating synchronization speed;
- Started handling the duplicate connections;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Investigating if we can use the Rust crypto traits;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- The split will be challenging;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- The post-order DFS is a bit more challenging than expected;
- Need to consider bundles and not transactions;
- Will have a chat about the vertex being exposed;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Ternary RFC;
- Been writing documentation;

### State chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Refine and Design generic encoder/decoder mod;
- Implement decoder/encoder for basic types (integers/ipv4/ipv6/vec/etc.)
- Implement query/execute frame and add examples;
- Decoder/encoder helper traits;
