# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-06-24

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Louay Kamel
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Joshua Barretto
- Alexander Schmidt
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Goals

- OKRs and core values;
- Audit;
- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### OKRs and core values (Thibault)

- Be the best open-source team;
- Release the best products;
- Promote and help with the usage of Bee;

### Audit (Thibault)

- Audit is a necessary criteria to switch a crate from alpha to beta;
- We will audit crates by bundles;
- First bundle will be `bee-ternary`, `bee-crypto` and `bee-signing`;
- They should all be ready by next week;

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- Refactored the crate, made the code more reusable;
- Really easy to add new endpoints;
- Currently getNodeInfo, getTransaction, getTransactionsByHashes;
- Will add more endpoints soon;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- RFC nearly finished;
- Adding a lot of tests and documentation;
- Will merge this week;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Extracted the shutdown logic;
- Steps to merge
    - Needs to merge the shutdown RFC;
    - Needs to merge the shutdown code;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Replaced panics with error messages;
- Use the new shutdown logic;
- Fixed the overflow issue;
- The node thinks that it's sync at the very beginning;
- Introduce node states to fix it ?;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Synchronization has been fixed;
- Reduced the amount of known tx per second;
- Missing:
    - confirmation of transactions;
    - improved sync with WarpSync;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Writing some more tests and documentation;
- Pretty much mergeable;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Will expand during the WG call;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Generic tangle has been merged;
- Started discussing about cache eviction;
- Joshua will work on it;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Refactored numeric conversions;
- RFC has been written and being reviewed;
- PR on Bee opened;
- Will add tryte/string conversion utilities;
- Will add Tryte/TryteBuf to RFC36;

### State of crate: bee-transaction (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- Started to make some changes to get rid of the old field traits;

### State of iota.rs (Yu-Wei)

- Requirements from the Wallet team;
- Quorum threshold on requests;
- Have been working of FFI C/WASM;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Implemented and finalized the CLI part for chronicle-alpha-v0.1.1;
- Added paging support for query associated with `hint`;
- Official documentation meeting and discussion with Jake;
- Added Chronicle-node crate and implemented CLI on it;
- Selective feature discussion for chronicle-node;
