# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-05-20

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Louay Kamel
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Joshua Barretto
- Alexander Schmidt
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- Requirements have been gathered;
- Poll-driven and event-driven requirements;
- In the process of sorting the requirements;
- A vote will then take place (next week);
- Will then start writing a specs document;

### State of crate: bee-bundle (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- WG call on Friday about transaction fields;
- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- The RFC has been cleaned;
- Last comments to address and we'll open the PR;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Work started on White Flag and Merkle Ledger validation;
- Still the walk to operate on bundles and not on transactions;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- PR has been opened;
- Comments are being addressed;
- Possible edge case has been found;
- Let's try to merge it tonight;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Started discussing about node plugins;
- Let's start gathering some information about plugin architectures in Rust;
- Several ways to do that;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- New PeerManager in the protocol crate;
- Shouldn't it be in this crate ?;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Handled duplicate connections;
- Still some fine tuning to improve sync time;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Still evaluating if RecoverableSignature is compatible with Rust Crypto traits;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Nothing this week;
- Still planning on doing the split soon;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Implementing flags API;
- Questions about the solid flag (should it be tangle-tied or meta ?);

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Cleaning the API, added some tests, documentations, fixed some issues...;
- RFC soon;

### State chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Implement encoder/decoder for generic types and refactoring/bug fixing;
- Frame decoder/encoder (opcode/options/execute/prepare/query/batch/etc);
- Refine edge/data tables;
- Add lz4/snappy compression methods for frame body;
- File importer worker implementation;
- findTransactions API developemnt/testing;
