# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-11-25

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Bing-Yang Lin
- Alexander Schmidt
- Joshua Barretto
- Louay Kamel
- Samuel Rufinatscha

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- Updated the OpenAPI spec up to the latest changes;
- Working on the last 2 missing endpoints;
    - Sending messages;
    - Computing addresses balance;
- Needs to refactor error handling;
- General cleaning of the crate;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;
- We should be able to start using crypto.rs now;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-message (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- Some validation rules are wrong or missing;
- Ordering the unlock blocks according to the inputs is not that straightforward;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Few features from HORNET have been implemented;
    - Aliases;
- New commands;
    - AddPeer;
    - RemovePeer;
    - UpdateRelation;
- Reconnection refactored;
- New closure-driven API is more flexible;
- Code cleanup and refactoring;
- Still needs to do the shutdown logic;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Big node refactoring has been merged;
- Plugin API has been revisited;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Now have peer aliases;
- Changes to the config;
- Maybe we need to have a specific peer config file;
- Maybe even JSON;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Previous version has been erased;
- PoW scoring has been implemented;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Fixed some synchronization issues;
- Fixed the SEPs;
- Preparing for the bee node setup livestream;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Fixed the SEPs;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Implemented ED25 <-> OutputId mapping;
- Some missing documentations on the storage PR;
- Should be merged in a matter of days;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Started back working on the tangle <-> storage relationships;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Nothing this week;

### State of iota.rs (Bing-Yang)

- Added find_messages()/get_address_balances() implementations;
- Fixed bugs and added/modified testings/examples;
- Sync process works and will PR soon;
- MQTT API was merged/implemented by Lucas;
- Will sync the status w/ Yu-Wei tomorrow;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Finished Scylla summit presentation slides;
- Started working on validation tool to identify and fill any gap in the historical data;
