# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-10-21

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Louay Kamel
- Bing-Yang Lin
- Joshua Barretto
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Alexander Schmidt
- Christian Poveda
- Samuel Rufinatscha

## Goals

- Chrysalis Part 2 testnet;
- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### Chrysalis Part 2 testnet

- When will we merge the cpt2 to master ?;
- chrysalis-pt-2 to become new default branch for a while;

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- No recent changes to the RFC;
- Most of the endpoints by end of this week;
- Will contact wallet team for JSON serialization;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Crate is to be completely refactored;
- Everything has been removed;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Crate now using libp2p;
- No authentication/multiplexing yet;
- Libp2p documentation is not great;
- Go/Rust libraries are very different;
- Need peer database;
- Register the network as a node resource;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Shutdown is being fixed;
- Some changes are needed for the bus
    - Listeners per-worker;
    - Automatically add a bus as resource of the node;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;
- We should start using this crate for the new network;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- We should start working on the new PoW;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Transitioning the globals to node resources;
- We're confident that the protocol is done regarding Chrysalis Pt2;
- Should solidify fine;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;
- Marcelo will take over;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- No more global snapshots anymore;
- Format is completely different;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Will move the storage worker to this crate;
- Should we merge Packable and Persistable ?;
- Currently mapping the new layout operations;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Maybe make it no_std;
- Released 0.3.2;

### State of crate: bee-message (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- The crate is actually not no_std because of its dependencies;
- Lots of breaking changes regarding building and validation;
- Will move it to the main repo soon;

### State of iota.rs (Yu-Wei)

- All API already implemented;
- Tested with HORNET alphanet;
- Will have to update the recent breaking changes;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Chronicle code documentation on-going;
- Actor trait discussion, finalizing, and adding more examples;
- Chronicle refactoring sketching;
- Scalable Selective Permanode discussion and RFC on-going;
- Chronicle UI discussion;
