# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-04-15

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Janis Goldschmidt
- Joshua Barretto
- Bing-Yang Lin
- Louay Kamel
- Alexander Schmidt
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Yu-Wei Wu

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of the prototype (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Progress on milestone detection and solidification;
- Global configuration with Serde and TOML;
- Hornet peer nodes updated to RC8;

### State of crate: crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Back to updating the RFC to reflect the finished bee-p impl;

### State of crate: protocol (Thibault/Janis/Joshua/Samuel)

- Milestone solidification;
- Protocol configuration;
- Started to use Tangle APIs (SEPs, milestones, transactions...);

### State of crate: ternary (Joshua/Janis)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Gossip solidification;
- Generic Tangle impl to nicely allow the shift from Bundle to AtomicTx;
- Will shift the focus on milestone detection;

### State of crate: storage (Yu-Wei)

- Rocksdb backend support;
- Basic configuration tuning for now;
- We should probably split the main trait into model traits;

### State of crate: bundle (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Janis)

- Compute bundle hash;
- Add support for signing bundle;

### State of crate: signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: network (Alex/Sam)

- Network configuration;
- Nothing really new apart from housekeeping stuff;
- Quite ready to start the RFC/merging process;

### State of crate: snapshot (Thibault)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: chronicle (Louay/Bing-Yang/Yu-Wei)

- Frame/Decoder traits development (WIP);
- Cassandra murmur3 implementation and profiling;
- API mod enhancement (WIP);
