# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-04-22

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Joshua Barretto
- Bing-Yang Lin
- Louay Kamel
- Alexander Schmidt
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Yu-Wei Wu

## Goals

- Discussing IOTA Experience Team
- Refining the Working Groups
- Discussing Joshua's crates
- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### Discussing IOTA Experience Team (Thibault)

- A way to include the community into decision making, development processes, documentation...;
- Community members are currently filling out a form;
- There seems to be much interest for Bee;
- Onboarding them will take a little bit of time at first;
- It will eventually give back;
- Shouldn't be too intrusive for the team itself;
- We should do regular meetings with them;
- Open this weekly call to community members as it's transparent anyway ?;

### Refining the Working Groups (Thibault)

- Let's finish attributing WGs to people;

### Discussing Joshua's crates (Thibault/Joshua)

- Question about how used and tested they are;
- Joshua could provide more tests;
- We don't want to give the impression of using too new crates;
- Flume maybe becoming part std ? Discussion with maintainers of std library;
- Async support;
- Doesn't require mutable self to send;
- Implemented in Safe Rust;

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- API should probably be a trait;
    - Implement in terms of HTTP;
    - Implement in terms of RPC;
- Contact the hornet team to coordinate;

### State of crate: bee-bundle (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- Compute bundle hash done;
- Signing method ongoing;
- PR ready to be merged;
- Attachments need to be properly designed;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Just created the crate;
- Started solidifying so more progress to come soon;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Nothing this week;
- UDP support planned (necessary for autopeering);

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Plugged the ledger crate;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;
- Rework planned (with support for SIMD);
- Not a priority;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Milestone candidate detection implemented;
- Milestone validator receives potential milestones and is able to verify them;
- Solidifier logic implemented;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- We'll use the rust-crypto traits;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- It may be possible to use chronicle-storage in bee-storage;
- We need to split the traits;
- Will start thinking about how to split;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Follow-trunk traversal starting from a root hash into past and future;
- Past cone traversal;
- Closures allow to filter interesting transactions;
- We have many implementations of the tangle and we need to settle down on one;
- Evictions rules are still to be done;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Nothing this week;

### State chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Refactoring chronicle project to workspace;
- Chronicle importer implementation (WIP):
  - Async file reader, downloader, progress bar integration (now using tokio, reqwest/hyper, indicatif):
- CQL decoder implementation (WIP);
