# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-02-19

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Janis Goldschmidt
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Joshua Barretto
- Bing-Yang Lin
- Louay Kamel
- Alexander Schmidt
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Tsvi Sabo

## Goals

- Summary of Research Summit;
- Discussion on security;
- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### Summary of Research Summit (Samuel)

+ Samuel was at LiSum last week;
+ Made good progress;
+ Discussions:
    + dRNG, committee selection;
    + Security/latency of the Tangle;
    + Transaction lifecycle, processing, gossiping;
    + Ontologies, different perceptions of the Tangle;
    + IOTA Smart Contract Design;
    + Transaction Layout;
    + The mathematical model of Slicing/Sharding;
    + Specifications, they'll need some of us to work with them;

### Discussion on security (Thibault)

+ The ongoing situation raises the profile of the bee project;
+ Good review process, good software practices, good code habits are foundations to security concerns;
+ Permanently log vulnerabilities (e.g. GitHub Security Tab ?);
+ Start using Cargo lockfiles for binary releases;
+ We start with a set of audited dependencies;
+ We audit every new update we want to use in Bee;
+ Keep in touch with the devops/secops team;
+ RFCs make us overthink things, which is good;

### State of the prototype (Alex)

+ Protocol messages merged;
+ Trits API merged;
+ First handshake received from Hornet!;
+ New bee-test crate to share test utilities;

### State of crate: cryptographic hash functions (Janis)

+ Finished Kerl;
+ Writing tests;
+ Will need time to integrate the new Trits API;
+ Will update the RFC soon;

### State of crate: protocol (Thibault)

+ Integrating into the current network;
    + Network needs to be protocol agnostic;
    + Needs some bigger changes in the network to allow for that;
+ Everything in place to send and receive packets;
+ Can move to the actual gossip protocol now;

### State of crate: ternary (Joshua)

- Trits API has been merged!;
- New encoding for `t3b1`, `Trytes` APIs will follow;
- Default conversion from one encoding to another with a `t1b1` intermediate;
- Possibility of implementing a more optimized conversion;

### State of crate: storage (Tsvi)

+ Started to play around with sled KV ORM;
+ Supposed to be performant and thread-safe;
+ Will benchmark;
+ Serialization/deserialization of transactions;

### State of crate: network (Alex & Sam)

+ New event-driven proposal for the network;
+ Another repo for the network proposal;
+ More maintainable version with a little overhead;

### State of crate: chronicle async runtime (Louay)

+ Response cycle for a query;
+ Explored Data structures for the Ring;
+ Worked on the ongoing security situation;

### State of crate: chronicle node (Bing-Yang & Yu-Wei)

+ Transaction collector and storage backend already there;
+ Trying to integrate Louay's runtime;
+ CI and Chronicle node setup;
+ CI with iota.rs working well Buildkite -> GH Actions;
