# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-07-08

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Louay Kamel
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Joshua Barretto
- Alexander Schmidt
- Yu-Wei Wu
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Yu-Wei/Thibault)

- Simplified the API trait, one associated type for input, one associated type for output;
- Refactored conversions for primitives types <-> JSON;
- API prototype ready to be merged with bee-p;
- 2 RFCS: overall design + endpoints list;

### State of crate: bee-crypto (Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- Now using remote version of shutdown;
- Will update documentation;
- Mergeable state;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Logger got merged;
- Shutdown mechanism got merged;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Nothing this week;
- Will start working on autopeering;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Alex/Yu-Wei)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Replaced Flags with TxMetadata;
- Added arrival_timestamp and solidification_timestamp;
- Hooked the protocol to the shutdown;

### State of crate: bee-signing (Thibault/Yu-Wei)

- Implemented Zeroize and Drop on secret keys;
- Implemented SecretDebug and SecretDisplay on secret keys;
- SecretDebug and SecretDisplay RFC written, being reviewed;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Implemented global snapshots parsing;
- Some overall changes to the crate;

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Yu-Wei/Bing/Louay)

- Nothing this week;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Currently writing RFCs;
    - `generic-tangle`;
    - `protocol-tangle`;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Previous version of numeric conversions wasn't properly working;
    - issues on limits;
    - not working on unsigned;
- New version working well, fast and tested;
- Will update the RFC;

### State of crate: bee-transaction (Yu-Wei/Thibault/Sam)

- Nothing this week;

### State of iota.rs (Yu-Wei)

- Errors are now self-contained;
- Removed all unused API parameters;
- Drafting specs with wallet team;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing/Yu-Wei)

- Updated getTrytes response to return milestones;
- Roadmap discussion and finalizing;
- Document for blog posting finalizing with Jake;
- Design document discussion and modification with Jake;
- Front-end integration to provide service similar to thetangle.org with Martyn;
