# Weekly Dev Meeting - 2020-01-13

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Alexander Schmidt
- Joshua Barretto
- Samuel Rufinatscha
- Louay Kamel
- Thoralf MÃ¼ller
- Bing-Yang Lin

## Goals

- Round table on crates progression;

## Discussion topics

### Bee runtime

- New crate for runtime utilities;
- Been split from bee-common;

### State of crate: bee-api (Sam/Thibault)

- Lots of changes in the RFC;
- Peer endpoints have been added to the RFC, needs to be added to bee;
- Will need to create peer snapshots;
- Client team to add bee in their testing process;

### State of crate: bee-ledger (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Needs to store addresses <-> outputs relationships;
- Needs to complete transaction semantic checks;
- Double check shutdown while applying milestone;

### State of crate: bee-message (Thibault/Sam)

- Audit started on Monday;
- Added features, missing checks, RFC compliance, ...;
- Bech32 PR by Thoralf to review;
- New dust allowance output type;

### State of crate: bee-network (Alex/Joshua)

- All review comments have been addresses;
- More reviews to come;
- We'll probably wait for the new warp version before merging it;

### State of the Dashboard

- Explorer requests gets forwarded now;
- Peer information is missing;
- Cleaning and refactoring;
- Sometimes a bit unresponsive;
- Will get configuration from the node itself;
- Need to display peerID;

### State of crate: bee-node (Thibault/Alex)

- Started working on a Docker image;

### State of crate: bee-peering (Sam/Thibault/Alex)

- Will add the peerID in the configuration;

### State of crate: bee-pow (Thibault)

- Move to dev is blocked by b1t6;
- Finished apart from that;

### State of crate: bee-protocol (Thibault/Sam/Joshua)

- Sync is working fine now, still 1-2 little issues;
- Will add hasher pool to increase overall node efficiency;

### State of crate: bee-snapshot (Thibault/Alex/Samuel)

- Will start working on LS next week;
- Alex maybe to join Bing on that;
- Will allow generic output types in the snapshot file (by Friday);

### State of crate: bee-storage (Thibault/Bing/Louay)

- Traits have been merged;
- Added `size` method;

### State of crate: bee-tangle (Joshua/Alex/Sam)

- Traversals were still using non-cached operations;
- Making everything internally private so that we don't accidentally use a wrong API;
- A bit of technical debt, will refactor;
- Investigate slowly increasing memory;
- Where to put the TangleWorker ?;

### State of crate: bee-ternary (Joshua/Thibault)

- Need to move b1t6 from common to ternary;

### State of iota.rs (Bing/Thoralf)

- Created checklist and finalized iota.rs code <-> spec cleaning/alignment;
- Tested w/ local Hornet (will test w/ bee-node next);
- Python binding w/ the latest iota.rs on-going;
- Changed to use Bech32Address as much as possible;

### State of chronicle (Louay/Bing)

- Code review and recap;
- Polished the framework;
- Migrating the storage application to scylla.rs repo;
