# Working Group Meeting - Bundle - 2020-03-12

## Participants

- Thibault Martinez
- Tsvi Sabo
- Yu-Wei Wu

## Discussion topics

### Nits

- bundle.rs will be split in 3 files (bundle, incoming, outgoing): Thibault;
- Remove dependency on bee-common crate: Thibault;

### Outgoing Bundle + Builder

- Since it is client side we don't need it for the prototype: postponed;

### Incoming Bundle + Builder

- Needed to construct bundles from wire/database;
- The struct is there, as well as the validation function;
- Need to implement missing checks;
- Tsvi to finish the validation step;

### Current pull request

- Little nits but can be merged right after this call;

### Current roadblocks

- Dependencies on `crypto`, `signing`, and `ternary`;

### Tasks

- Merge Yu-Wei PR;
- Thibault is going to do little nits;
- Tsvi will implement the validation step;
- Continue Serialize/Deserialize after ternary refactoring done;
